[IMP] Inventory: Consignment typo in 16.0 (#11836)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/daily_operations/owned_stock.rst

   :align: center
   :alt: Sales order of consignment stock.

> Once the :abbr:`Quotation` has been confirmed, it will become a sales order. From here, the products
> can be delivered by clicking on the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button, and selecting
> :guilabel:`Validate` to validate the delivery.

Reviewer: Please remove the abbr tag from the non-abbreviated word and remove future tense :)
```suggestion
Once the quotation has been confirmed, it becomes a sales order. From here, the products can be
delivered by clicking on the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button, and selecting :guilabel:`Validate`
to validate the delivery.
```

> To view all information about on-hand stock moves, navigate to the the :guilabel:`Product Moves`
> dashboard by going to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting --> Product Moves`. For consignment

Reviewer: Remove duplicate "the"
```suggestion
To view all information about on-hand stock moves, navigate to the :guilabel:`Product Moves`
dashboard by going to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting --> Product Moves`. For consignment
```
